1. BitDegree
 
BitDegree is a blockchain-powered learning platform offering various free and paid courses on crypto and digital skills, including online coding classes on languages like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP.
The platform also has a unique system that rewards students with a token after completing a session. They can then use the tokens to fund the upcoming courses and get discounts for premium classes.
Suggested courses:
•	Introduction to Programming Course: Learn HTML, CSS, Python & More
•	Comprehensive HTML5 Tutorial for Beginners: Become Advanced HTML5 Specialist


Web BuildingCreation
Sep 16, 2022
Tashia T.
27min Read
Top 100+ Websites to Learn to Code for Free
 
As COVID-19 has boosted the growth of the global eCommerce and tech industries, more and more people are learning to code to find or switch to tech jobs. To do so, many rely on online learning resources, as there are fewer in-person coding bootcamps and workshops.
However, some online coding classes may cost hundreds or even thousands of dollars. To address this concern, we have compiled an extensive list of websites for learning to code for free.
If you want to learn coding at zero cost or consider various options before committing to a premium course, this article may be right for you. We will provide 110 websites to learn programming for free, breaking down the list into several sections according to coding topics.
Without further do, let’s begin.
Download Website Launch Checklist
o	Best Online Courses to Learn to Code for Free in 2022
o	Learn How to Code With WordPress Online
o	Learn to Code With HTML and CSS Online
o	Learn to Code With JavaScript Online
o	Learn How to Code With PHP
o	Learn to Code With Python Online
o	Learn to Code With Ruby Online
o	Learn to Code With Java Online
o	Learn to Code With C# Online
o	Learn to Code With C++ Online
o	Learn Command Line Online
o	Learn Git and GitHub for More Efficient Coding
o	Learn UI/UX Design Online
o	Learn DevOps Online
o	Learn QA Testing Online
o	Learn Mobile App Development Online
o	Learn Artificial Intelligence Online
o	Learn Game Development Online
o	15 Websites to Learn to Code For Free in 2022
o	Learn to Code for Free FAQ
Best Online Courses to Learn to Code for Free in 2022
Compiled by our experts, the following are some of the best classes and tutorials for complete beginners to learn coding.
1. BitDegree
 
BitDegree is a blockchain-powered learning platform offering various free and paid courses on crypto and digital skills, including online coding classes on languages like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP.
The platform also has a unique system that rewards students with a token after completing a session. They can then use the tokens to fund the upcoming courses and get discounts for premium classes.
Suggested courses:
•	Introduction to Programming Course: Learn HTML, CSS, Python & More
•	Comprehensive HTML5 Tutorial for Beginners: Become Advanced HTML5 Specialist
2. Udemy
 
Offering over 170,000 free and paid courses, Udemy is an online education website where people can learn various types of skills, from music to IT and software. The development category alone has thousands of online courses, including classes on web development, data science, and machine learning.
Suggested courses:
•	Web Development by Doing: HTML / CSS From Scratch
•	Build Your First Website in 1 Week With HTML5 and CSS3
3. Sololearn
 
With over 40 million users, Sololearn is a learning platform offering more than 20 online coding courses on topics such as Java, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Students can learn programming on the web or via its mobile app.
It uses a bite-sized learning system, centering each section on one subject. Sololearn is free, but its Pro version features perks such as unlimited practice to complete and an ad-free experience. It’s available at $12.99/month when billed monthly or $5.83/month when billed annually.
Suggested courses:
•	Python Core
•	C++
4. Coursera
 
Coursera is an online learning site partnering with over 200 universities and companies to provide thousands of courses. The classes cover various subjects, from business to computer science.
It provides free courses and a seven-day free trial period for paid courses. Coursera’s premium learning options vary in depth and cost – from $9.99 for guided projects to thousands of dollars for online university degree programs.
Suggested courses:
•	Code Yourself! An Introduction to Programming
•	HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for Web Developers


5. Saylor Academy
	Started by a Ex MIT Teacher it’s THE website you should go to for the best learning content. Worlds best teachers, best content, and all that for free.
It’s a heaven for learners

Suggested courses:
•	Computer Programming
•	Meaching Learning



